# CableMonitoring

We have included time-series predictors in the folder predictor and a cable anomaly detector in the folder detector.

The results of the ARIMA predictor can be generated by running the script ./predictor/ARIMA_predictor.m

The results of the neural-network predctiors can be generated by running the scripts ./predictor/NN_Data_Prepare_test.m, ./predictor/neural_network(_LSTM).py, NN_test_script.m, in order.

The results for the detector can be generated by running the script ./detector/detector.m


PLC Time-Series Prediction based Cable Anomaly Detector License
==
Open Source License

Copyright (c) 2022 University of British Columbia.
All rights reserved.

Developed by:

   Yinjia Huo and Lutz Lampe

   University of British Columbia

   https://github.com/ubcyinjia/CableMonitoring
   
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the name of the The University of British Columbia,
      nor the names of the contributors may be used to
      endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific
      prior written permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
SOFTWARE.
